You've got every idea you need to read our dashboards. Let's go through them. Latest releases — what we currently ship, and where to get it.
Release proofs. This is the one that matters. For the current version: is it in the binaries log, did the tree check out, and what's inside.
Below that, the daily self-audit: the current head of all three logs. And at the bottom, the one key everything reduces to.
Each row is one piece of a release. Platform. Bundle. Layer — payload, signed, or exe, the three from earlier. The hashes. And a tick.
Read that tick carefully. It doesn't mean someone marked a box. It means an inclusion proof was recomputed, and it held.
And if it says "not in log yet", that's almost always the daily rebuild. Not an alarm.
Tree size and root — that's the signed head. This root is the same string you'd get by fetching the file yourself, or by running the verifier. Also note what that page says about itself: the key check in your browser is a convenience, not a trust anchor.
Now inside the app. "This build" tells you whether the exact binary you're running is in the public log. Four possible answers, and the difference between two of them matters a lot.
"Pending" means the log hasn't rebuilt yet. "Unavailable" means we couldn't check — the log was unreachable, or this release is older than the layer that makes checking possible.
And "not in public log" is the loud one: the release is published, there's something to compare against, and yours isn't it.
"Unavailable" versus "not in the log" is the difference between "I don't know" and "you've been tampered with". We shipped that wrong once, and every honest macOS build was accused of being fake.
And here's the honest ending. Everything green means the things we published are consistent, permanent, and include the app you're running.
It does not mean our code has no bugs, that your device is safe, or that the metadata went anywhere. We shrank what you take on faith and published the evidence for what's left. Now you can check it.